[music]
>> Bloomberg Audio Studios. Podcasts,
radio, news.
I think there's a chance you might have
to re-record an intro, [laughter] or at
least the intro might be out of date by
the time the episode comes out. That's
how you know. That's how you know it's
bad. That and when people start waving
around standard deviations.
And also when people start saying it's a
healthy correction in the market.
Although I haven't seen that much of
that.
>> Yeah, it's pretty gnarly. Also, when we
don't just say the date that we're
recording when we [laughter] say the
minute we're recording this at 7:04 a.m.
on February 6th, 2026. All the signs are
back.
>> [music]
>> Joe, I want a t-shirt that says ruthless
utility maximizer. Black gold.
>> Let's talk about losers. Who cares? I've
decided I'm going to base my entire
personality going forward on campaigning
for a strategic pork reserve in the US.
Skulls unlimited.
>> Ooh, what's the ticker for that?
>> No, I think that like in a couple of
years the AI will do a really good job
of making the Odd Lots podcast.
>> How do I get more popular and
successful? One day that person will
have the mandate of heaven. We do have
the perfect guest. [clears throat]
Welcome to Odd Lots More where we catch
up with friends about what's going on
right now. Because even when Odd Lots is
over, there's always Odd Lots More.
And we really do have the perfect guest.
But it is weird, isn't it? Because it's,
you know, it's a little different. It's
been a wild ride.
>> It's a surreal, it's a surreal type of
market environment, especially over the
last week.
>> Right. So if you've been living under a
rock, markets have been tanking.
There've been a bunch of different
things going on, but first of all, gold
and silver and the metals complex
started plunging. Then you had like
basically a slaughter in software
stocks. What else? There was one Oh. and
crypto. Crypto. Crypto's a big one. So,
Bitcoin has like down to 66,000,
something like that.
>> Yeah.
And
>> hit 60,000.
>> Oh, wow. And that's the thing, I can't
keep up anymore.
>> matter.
And also, there's concern about private
credit because private credit has so
much exposure to software, and they
basically lent all the money at the top
of the valuation cycle, which I wrote
about in the newsletter yesterday. But
anyway, there's a lot to talk about in
markets. Who do we call when markets are
moving? That's right. What's up,
Charlie? You guys are amazing. So, this
is Charlie McElligott. Of course, he is
the cross-asset macro strategist over at
Nomura. I'm going to start with the
the simple question. Maybe it's not an
easy question, but what was the
proximate catalyst for all of this? Cuz
you have a bunch of different things
going on, including, by the way, the
nomination of Warsh at the Fed.
>> So, absolutely part of the feedback
loop. Hm. And
but these things are never singular
input. You know, in a world of thousands
of macro factor variables. In this case,
and you know I'm an ambulance chaser,
that's kind of what my gig is, a grave
robber, a carpetbagger, [snorts] you
know, all those things. I try to reverse
engineer car accidents.
>> Yeah. And kind of the qualitative
starting point of that is to locate
consensus
positions that tend to then crowd Hm. in
positioning.
When trend trades develop, that's
usually accompanied or requirement uh
requirement being low volatility to
accumulate those kind of smooth trends.
So, point being, I think there were a
number of market narratives
that got a little lazy. Hm. You know,
for instance,
Q4
of last year as we recall. I think there
was, you know, somewhere 3 to 4 months
ago, there was still a fair bit of
concern with regards to this idea of
like labor cracking.
You know, and there was still a lot of
feedback with regards to Liberation Day
and the policy volatility dynamics. You
know, before things really got hot with
policy volatility most recently, but um
and that was leading to some, you know,
some skepticism. And as it relates to
kind of the equities world,
what did you do? You just stuck in the
stuff that kept working. And that was
that same dynamic we spoke about a
number of times last year, you know,
that crowding into secular growth, mega
cap tech, AI. They just keep growing
earnings, profitability, all of those
metrics, and they took up this massive
part of the market. That's part of this
positioning that set, you know, at some
point Q4,
run hot starts happening. You start
seeing data upside surprising again.
Right? He starts openly and more
recently transitioning into January
talking openly advocating his weak
dollar policy.
Europe is playing along. Trump Trump,
right? You know, so you you start having
these things where people were really
accumulating around effectively a lot of
short dollar trades. And when I'm
sitting there and I'm seeing like how do
these narratives go wrong? How does this
crowding go wrong? And I'm seeing, you
know, gold and silver being attributed
to this debasement narrative or this
de-dollarization narrative. There's
credibility in those arguments, but I'm
also a skeptic with regards to the flows
and the actual like singular catalyst to
those. But I start seeing those
positionings really overshoot. We're not
talking like linear projections, like
bending off the curve type of, you know,
price performance of late. I see EM
equities crowding. I see cyclical
equities because everybody owns secular
growth and nobody had enough economic
sensitivity. So I start seeing these
kind of positioning overshoots. You
know, that's all the work that we do
internally and it just said
if the dollar starts agitating and it
stops going lower and you start losing
these short-term trend windows
and then you get, you know, maybe a
little bit of wow, we didn't get the max
dovish asset trade, right? Oh, we start
seeing upside surprise data when
everybody is short dollar and thinking
rest of world growth and actually US is
maybe leading to the upside again and
re-accelerating, dollar starts
performing
people start monetizing and you start
taking money out of these trades and
that turns into a bigger de-risking.
Obviously, we want to get into like got
to got to get into everything including
like the software sell-off and its
connection to silver, etc. You know, it
occurs to me speaking of the software
thing and I'm glad you brought up at
liberation day. One of the memes of 2025
>> Mhm. was just this idea that well, look,
we don't really know what tariffs are
going to do. We're not really sure what
effect they're going to have on the
economy, but one thing we could be
pretty sure of is that it's only going
to affect the sort of physical goods
economy and not the digital economy. And
so, tariffs in a way sort of seem to
embolden the software, maybe crypto,
digital trade because it's like this
stuff is borderless. It doesn't It's not
going to get held up at customs. So,
let's lean into this. And then so, it's
interesting to hear, you know, then you
get this big reversal. Can we measure it
when you talk about like how leverage
and how consensus these trades were,
whether we're talking about software or
whatever, can we measure how crowded
those trades were or how levered these
trades were?
>> Absolutely. I mean, I'll I'll look
across, you know, we we we have
internal money that we run within QIS
businesses where there's billions of
dollars behind, you know, very
sophisticated, not like naive toy models
from trend to risk parity, you know, vol
control, target volatility. So,
I look at where those gross exposures
are and like period, point-blank,
grosses were too big.
Right? If you look at a snapshot of
model risk parity portfolio, four assets
long only, using leverage to allocate
your volatility, right? Long only in
equities, bonds, credit, commodities.
Different weightings based on different
economic scenarios, like very kind of
generic uh risk parity.
We're seeing on a Let's say a 5-year
lookback, 99.7%
uh gross exposure. It just so happens,
right? You know,
Goldman Sachs prime brokerage data with
regards to equity hedge fund grosses as
of last Friday, 100%
on a 5-year lookback. So, like, these
are these are synonymous. Now, now,
gross exposure is not purely a function
of trailing realized volatility, right?
Different strategies deploy different
leverage.
Different strategies, you know, will try
to amplify a market-neutral versus a net
lean or a directional lean. But, by and
large, the grosses were too damn big.
It's like the guy that used to run for
mayor. And when you see grosses being
that big,
and you see
prices bending off the curve, and you
see the the thesis behind it, and this
is where I I'm pumped to tie in like the
Bitcoin read, right?
>> Yeah. If debasement was actually what
people are saying it was,
right? This idea that in
de-dollarization, you know, moving away
from fiat,
you know, US policy volatility, US
fiscal deficit, which by the way, okay,
like, same with Europe, same with Japan
now, you know, with their little trust
moment, you know, Europe is taking the
austerity break off. That's a global
phenomenon with fiat currency. So, like,
okay, I can get with that to a certain
extent. But, like, why didn't Bitcoin
participate if that's what people kind
of claim is, you know, Bitcoin's a
shapeshifter as is gold. But, you know,
my story
and my skepticism with regards to that
debasement or that dollarization was the
way that
Bitcoin absolutely did not participate
when it was gold and silver. And I and
look, you know, I sit in options
business, I see just outrageous call
skews and demand for upside and people,
you know, keep putting on keep reloading
into these, you know, the call spreads
and upside trades and SLV and GLD, the
options volumes are massive. It became a
speculative macro tourist retail type of
a trade on top of all this, but
Bitcoin kept going lower. And I started
seeing one, if people are grabbing
people clearly have this preference for
real assets, you know, physical assets
right now in this world of debasement of
fiat, of fiscal deficit spend perpetual
issuance, all those things.
Bitcoin is trading like software. It's
trading like SaaS, which is going
through an existential crisis right now
for really justified reasons, especially
with regards to valuation, right? And
the funny thing is when we were talking
about, you know, how AI was actually
going to I was making the point kind of
Q4 start of Q4 last year. There's two
major tailwinds for equities that become
potential headwinds in 2026. They're
very well socialized, but they still
ring true. Ironically, we kind of got a
back door on it. One was that the CAPEX
spending with regard to AI, you know,
was burning your cash. And you're moving
through the cash so fast, you're right,
that cash that made these companies so
preferred, so, you know, screening is
quality and profitability and all these
great things. They're liquid, they're
big, you can move in and out of them.
They only go higher, You know, and they
did a bunch of buybacks. Well, that's
the trick, right? So like you aggregate
kind of like the mag seven or like, you
know, maybe the 12 biggest kind of like
AI contingent types of players that
you're talking like 20 to 30% of the
overall S&P 500 buyback. So that's a
huge point for me because I've made this
before. Buybacks are like seven to eight
X the largest source of demand for
equities over the past 15 years. Wow.
>> And it's a vol suppressor. Yep. Right? I
mean, you are Cuz they're just there
cross You're passive bid under the
market on a VWAP order, or more
importantly, when there is a drawdown,
that's when they get most active. So,
it's like long gamma. It's like
synthetic long gamma in the market. So,
one, you're burning through your cash
and you're no longer doing that. Two,
you're burning through your cash and
you're no longer buying back stock as
this vol shock absorber and passive bid
under the market from kind of sort of a
quarter to a third of the overall S&P's
buyback that you're then two having to
take on this new debt, you take on new
loans, you know, to a certain extent
you're trying to lever the balance
sheet, but you know, more importantly,
what does that mean for credit? Credit
has been this perpetual kind of vol
bleed. Yeah. Because spreads are so
tight. And people have been issuing to
fund buybacks as well.
>> Yeah, 100%. I mean, ironically, that's a
probably a separate podcast, but
remember we used to kick and scream
like, "Oh, QE, this is crazy. Like, this
malinvestment. Like, they're bringing
debt for buybacks and they're not doing,
you know, R&D and they're not spending
capex. They're not building plants."
Well, here you go. You know,
Druckenmiller said something like this,
you know, many years ago in an
interview. He's like, "Actually, when
you start to see, you know, the cash
turn into capex spend, there's usually
kind of a point of agitation and it's
not always in the right direction for
equities, let's say, right? And in this
case, I think we're starting obviously
we're starting to get that, but the
credit point is critical.
Because the pace of the capex kind of
prisoner dilemma that we're still seeing
right now with like yesterday's earnings
releases, the magnitude of that supply
in the investment grade market
is simply going to widen spreads. Tech
is a big part of that. Now, this is the
punchline. Bringing it back to software,
bringing it back to Bitcoin.
As we were all kind of watching this
potential for, you know, the credit
markets to become a headwind, not in a
shock, not in a freeze, you know, not in
anything close to a systemic dynamic.
Just too much supply with spreads too
tight. You're not being compensated for
it. So, like there was kind of this
general short in credit because guess
what? The whole world is watching one in
like baby footsteps. Can Oracle get
their funding done? That was the one day
we had a sigh of relief this week, by
the way. They got 25 billion of
investment grade done plus converts with
like 129 billion of demand. The market
huge back tail. But, guess what? Open AI
is still in the background somewhere
where like kind of sort in the next 2
months they got to come up with like
anywhere from 100 to 200 billion bucks.
And that is still a major point of
skepticism.
>> It's not a funny punchline, is it?
>> No, it's not. It doesn't make you feel
really good. But, here's the thing. As
Anthropic is done their thing, and I
mean, bang, you guys are in in it right
now with regards to Claude and the
implications of vibe coding and, you
know, a whole reset with regards to
certain industries and taking out even
if it's just the basic level of like
legal compliance documentation and we've
seen it start to hit bottom lines with
regards to earnings mentions and things
like that. That is happening so fast
that software is going through this
existential crisis. And here's the deal.
Those dudes are stuffed on restricted
shares.
They're stuffed on RSUs in the
concentric circles
of
VC boys and tech boys
and SaaS bros and Bitcoin bros
has a lot of overlap.
>> It's all the B's. Boys and bros.
>> a Venn diagram. It's just a circle.
>> It's kind of [laughter] like straight up
overlap. And, you know, in this sense,
you can't sell. You're kind of being
haircut 10% it feels like every week
right now with regards to do I have a
job? What are the prospects? Where is
this industry going?
And what do you have to sell? You know,
and I think that that's why it is
trading tick for tick year-to-date with
SaaS software. And it's quite remarkable
in that to me, as I step back to this
large conversation,
it's not really about the basement.
Right? This is a digital phenomenon.
This is a liquidity crunch with regards
to this the idiosyncrasies of that
sector really coming under attack. And
by the way, now it's also become a
backdoor credit story where it's not
simply the spread widening from the
hyperscalers, it's people worrying now
about private credit, private equity,
the BDC guys which are, you know,
sitting on a lot of this stuff with, you
know, really tricky valuations and not a
lot of like buffer room on, you know,
with gross covenants and things like
that. So, you know, it's become a huge
macro story. They kind of did the end
around with regards to where we thought
it was going to come, but we can handle
a couple things at once. You know, you
all of a sudden you get a little bit of
a surprise with regards to the Fed
chair, dollar stabilizes, you are you're
already had people in all these short
dollar trades, people start taking money
out of, you know, gold upside, silver
upside. They start taking off some EM
upside. And at that point, like last
Thursday, I'm looking at grosses, I'm
looking at our CTA trend net exposures
in commodities and metals, 98th
percentile. I'm looking at our net short
dollar exposure, zero percentile. Look
at our net equities exposure, 97th
percentile. I'm saying,
these are the qualitative things I need
to see where profit taking and
monetization turns into a risk
management exercise.
>> [music]
>> So, speaking of selling what you can and
not necessarily what you want, one of
the reasons that yesterday, February
5th, I guess, was so painful is because
we started to see the places, the few
places where people were able to hide
start to go down. So, consumer staples
for instance. It wasn't a big drop, but
still they'd been surging earlier in the
year
>> Yeah. as people sort of switched out of
software and into consumer goods, but
now it's not quite clear where they're
going to go. So, correlation seems to be
picking up, right? Like in a market
crash, correlation goes to one. But at
the same time, I can't figure out what's
going on with implied correlation, cuz
if I look that up, it's still pretty
low.
So, this is, you know,
absolutely topical and it's something
that, you know, we continue to get
questions on over the last few years.
You know, that generic like, why is vol
so low, right? You know, and low vol or
high vol is incredibly subjective. It's
about the, you know, the vol surface.
It's about skew. It's about where the
starting point was, where you've moved
from, how quickly all, you know, it's
it's art plus science. The part of the
problem with vol in general, certainly
being sticky, and I think it comes down
to where the money has flowed with
regards to the hedge fund space, is
that, you know, maybe 10, 15 years ago,
the long short universe, you know,
running net exposure
was, I don't want to say, you know,
necessarily dollar for dollar like axed
or necessarily larger than, you know,
the multi-strats at the time, but like
they ran net and they would lever up
positions or they would hedge their
longs and they were, you know, generally
speaking, there was buyers volatility
with those guys to a certain extent. You
know, if you look back kind of on the
sort of, let's say, five at 10 years of
dollar flows into the hedge fund space,
with regards to all new flows,
multi-strats are conservatively 80 cents
of every dollar in. Mhm. And then, if
you actually include outflows from other
strategies, you're legitimately through
$1 of it. So, the point I'm making here
and and multi-strats are unbelievable
with regards to their
low volatility
with regards to the consistency of the
returns, with regards to the the
disciplined risk management, the tight
stops model, the non-correlated returns,
which is the whole story why people keep
allocating into them.
They've proven to be such an
absolutely undeniable force, hence all
this dollar flow, but think about it
like this. We don't see the core ones
anymore, and this is like core ones Core
ones
>> meaning like when things shock
everything trades up together or down
together, right? And that was kind of
the old state of the world, but now what
we tend to see, and this is exactly what
we saw earlier this week when you had
you know,
of course financial market returns are
not on a normal distribution, but for
you know
>> I hate people that point that out.
>> It's like like something in a
pharmaceutical ad.
>> it's right after this. Yeah, like you
have to include it cuz otherwise someone
annoying
>> Don't take this drug if you're allergic
to this drug. So, the point here being
that, you know, you would see kind of
like a risk on risk off type of core one
phenomenon, you know, in past era.
Part of what is happening now in my mind
you know, with these, you know, little
bit of fragmented, you know
bullet points, you know, triangulating
here is the fact that
the dollars and the leverage controlled
by the market neutral multi-strat equity
space
are so overwhelming in the sense that
when you get when you are forced to
de-risk or de-gross
you know, the tilts go wrong that
you have the offsetting short on the
other end. Right? It's not just you stop
out of your net longs or your crowded
longs, right? It's that you're also, you
know, theoretically at equal dollar
amount on the short side being covered.
And what ended up happening on like the
two big down days this week, it was like
250 stocks were up, 250 stocks were
down. So, you're getting this like
reverse dispersion. Yeah. Right? Very
much the opposite of what last year was,
which was this crazy concentration of
like top decile, bottom decile, just
spread 99th percentile like a 10-year
basis. Which feeds into why people are
loaded into momentum, right? The higher
stuff keeps going higher. It's human
nature. This is like Fama and French.
This is factor alpha, you know,
commoditized alpha. So, these things, I
think due to this kind of where the
dollar flows have been, the market
neutrality, the fact that there's always
this offset against it, you're not
getting core shocks. And when you don't
get core shocks necessarily, at least
initially, because vol did not really
react until just like 2 days ago. And
yesterday vol of all got a little
tricky, too. But, you know, point being,
you need correlation as an input to
higher vol to like sustain. And you're
just not getting that. You still have
low core. Now, the trick is, to your
point, Tracy, it's very interesting you
mentioned the defensives, right?
The reversal that we saw when people
said, "Look,
I'm I'm too much exposure in secular
growth, mega cap tech, AI, which gives
you a lot of momentum exposure, a lot
of, you know, you know, unintended kind
of exposures that when people said, "I
need more economic sensitivity, I'm
taking up my cyclicality." Right? The
three best performing sectors kind of
year to date for most of the year have
been like energy, materials,
industrials.
>> Right. Right? Stuff that people have
kind of been underweighted for the
longest time
in the absence of a hot economic cycle,
you know? But, also too, when you
started seeing defensives joining that
rotation, like it was this massive value
over growth trade. And that's the three,
four, five Z-score types of moves you're
talking about, where people didn't have
that stuff on, and your longs go against
you, and your shorts go against you. And
And that is also amplifying, you know,
these kind of moves. Because, look, it's
not just the market neutrals. Like,
they're not boogeymen here. They're
unbelievable. They barely lose money
ever on a monthly basis. They just have
very disciplined, tight stops to to get
out of these leans and tilts
hard and fast, unemotionally. And but
guess what?
It's, you know, retail. It's all the
story stocks, all these themes. That's
why I pointed out for the last 2 years
of the boom in leveraged ETFs. Like 82%
of the assets in leveraged ETFs, which
act like synthetic negative gamma,
right? The higher you go, the more you
have to buy at the end of the day. The
lower you go, the more you have to sell.
You know, massive pool of AUM now
because of like retail, you know, tilted
speculative leveraged behavior are tied
into that concentric circle of AI
megacap tech, semis, you know, disruptor
crypto.
So, we're super overweighted, super over
indexed to that stuff, which amplifies
when you have the tight market neutral
stop outs, you know, with all that
leverage, with all that AUM, you know,
to get their factors right. Because at
the end of the day, those guys are not
trying to make factor bets. There's
scenarios where you maybe run even the
little net if there's like a big, you
know, economically acceleration trade or
something like that. But generally
speaking, the idea is like, we don't
want beta to the S&P. That's the point.
That's why people pay us. Stop comparing
us to S&P returns. So, all these things
are part of this like backdrop, plus the
narrative overshoots to me.
That was fantastic, and it's very
intuitive. I mean, there is already good
theoretical ideas for thinking that the
multi-strands
were huge drivers of all this. And then
when you add in the fact that the
staples, like the sort of under-loved
areas or energy materials, are the
winners. Very intuitive, to your point.
On software,
you know, no one really knows,
obviously, the degree to which AI is
going to obliterate these business,
obviate these businesses. No one really
knows. But like from the perspective,
you mentioned the tight stops that each
manager has within these firms. Can you
give us like some sense of how much is
it like look,
I just want to
keep my job here, and this is the ugly
stuff that's going on. And so, I'm just
going to sell now and ask questions
later. Like, how much does that play
into on a week like this?
Well,
we're we're talking about wide swaths of
strategies and and active, you know,
systematic versus, you know, feel
directional trading and, you know, you
know, tight stops are, you know,
typically that, you know, down 2% kind
of down 1 and 1/2% maybe even in some
cases. But,
you know, that's why it is managed so
microscopically and you're extracting
these, you know, basis points of alpha
in your longs and shorts and then, you
know, using leverage. Like a you know, a
market neutral is probably 200, 300%
gross by and large. Like long short was
always kind of like 50 net, 150 gross,
something to the to that extent. But,
they're just not as big of a player
anymore. But, you know, that's the trick
here. Like when I start seeing it, I
always love the systematic stuff because
it's so tied in and kind of looks a lot
like the options market. And market
structure by and large feeds momentum
now, right? You're not scaling out of
positions the more they trend, you're
loading into them. So, like whether it's
target volatility or CTA or you assign a
an exposure target, you know, a leverage
target. And if the volatility is
five and your vol target is 10, you got
to lever that two times or 12, you know,
like and that is
ironically, the lower vol goes, the more
you need to add leverage onto that
position.
Right? To match your target. And that's
why that's the problem. We create
crashes because all of modern Anybody
who's like on a VAR model
is actually a momentum trader. Right?
You have to deleverage when vol goes
higher by and large. Now, of course, if
you have a high conviction bet and vol
goes higher, that's actually going to be
part of your potential return profile,
you know, that's great. And God knows
people have learned to like, you know,
sell rich vol and buy, you know, buy
dips. It's become conditioned. These
time horizons are like hours at this
point. But, like Some people have made
an entire career out of doing it once.
Yeah, for sure. I mean, you got to have
a titanium stomach. Like I've been
talking to a buddy all week that a
multi, you know, this is absolute madman
and there's many others like him. You
know, he's been shorting silver last 2
weeks. I'm like, how have you been
sleeping, dude? You know, he's like, a
little better now, but you know, there's
>> The silver moves are unbelievable.
Yesterday it was like 16, I mean, these
I've seen two people I've spoken to say
that the silver move specifically may
have been the craziest moves they've
their entire career. It's crowding plus
the trend plus the optionality plus the
leverage DTF, you know, the optionality
is leverage in and of itself and it's
high beta, you know, as is to regular,
you know, big brother gold. So, these
moves are, you know, wild, but we know
that in the era of the speculative era,
you know, people seek the movement.
That's the opportunity. You are not
going to retire 4% in cash.
You know, that's just the way this world
works right now. Now, you know,
do you necessarily need to be like
shorting ball or things like that?
That's not the way to do this, but
people Yolo. It's the financial nihilism
that we've spoken about, you know, many,
many times. You seek out the movement.
You want the stuff that's moving and
generally speaking, and this is where
it's so interesting. Like you try to
press moves by and large, certainly like
the retail cohort.
The world is not built
the vast majority of the time for mean
reversion anymore.
Value is mean reversion. Like something
is rich, something is cheap. It's this
counter kind of like a gamma type of
flow, you know, long gamma type flow.
We feed moves now because of the risk
management dynamics and especially too,
just like market structure, how much
trend there is built into the market,
leverage DTFs, options, things like
that, you know, particularly the way
that people tend to use them, which is
kind of to to feed into prevailing
moves. So, all of this kind of changes
the behavior and the expected outcomes
where, you know, momentum has been, you
know, this remarkable factor
for, you know, academic history studying
these things because of like greed and
fear and things like that. And moves can
extend longer than you think. Just
because a trade is crowded, doesn't mean
it's the wrong trade. But when you start
to layer in, as I said, the positioning
data, the overall leverage data, the
kind of the conversational qualitative
how many people are buying into this,
but then you see, you know, some like
divots here and there and like the
stories and it doesn't actually make
sense. And actually this thing is
starting to stall. Now I got people
taking money out of this thing and I got
trend this loaded into it. This is going
to unwind hard. And I sent that note
Thursday, you know, started unwinding
hard Friday, doors got blown off. And
guess what? It waterfall. So other
crowded trades go. Cosby, everybody was
like, you know, no-brainer into that.
Japanese bank longs, right? Which are
short JGB proxy, macro tourism. Like
people start coming out of these trades
cuz they're non-core, but they were high
sharp. Right. So, flows before pros, but
now the pros are chasing flows and
that's hurting the pros. That [laughter]
was good. That was very good. Thanks.
Um, okay. So, you just touched on this,
but what stops the bleed?
I think you're, you know, you're getting
certainly some relief here. I mean,
look, people will say, you know, at some
point on a smaller gross,
you don't really have to do anymore. You
don't have to reach for hedges, which
get dealer short gamma, right? Because
you're, you don't, you know, have as
much exposure anymore. That's the first
step. People then have to monetize their
hedges. So where all of these reversals
happen, you take off your hedges or you
take off your directional stuff, whether
you're shorting futures against the
moves or you're buying downside puts,
you're buying VIX calls, you start to
unwind that and guess what? Like now the
dealer's got to take off their stuff and
you got delta to buy. And then some
people say, oh, everybody's taking their
hedges off around the street, market's
starting to rally off these lows. I'm
going to buy some zero DTE calls. And,
you know, then you create more delta to
buy. We're back to the races. And and
and vol starts, you know, vol starts
rolling over and guess what? Then the
systematic the vol supply people come
out of the woodwork and they feel
comfortable to come back in lean into
this and that's de facto buy the dip,
right? So this is the cycle in the world
we live in. There's too many assets.
This is a final point that that may be
tangential here, but with regards to how
these dynamics end. It's not necessarily
about like back in the day is like
Warren Buffett steps in, you know,
provides some you know, financing line
or you know, Toma Bravo stepping in
doing some like deal. Satoshi Nakamoto
is calling up Warren Buffett
>> Yeah, I don't know if that's the
offering 10% of a It's more about, you
know, these flows kind of stopping the
bleeding, but you know, this is the
other thing too. Like the vol flows are
so important with regards to the like
the hedge unwinds and creating the turn
in the market the inflection especially
with conditioning by the dip sell the
vol rip that like fixed income has been
trash for 5 years since the tightening
cycle since you know, poor inflation
still running too hot, right? So people
said, "Look, this thing doesn't work for
me. It's not helping my portfolio. My
60/40 is awful, right?
But I can't just be long equities, but I
need some yield. I'm I'm boomer. I'm
old. I need some you know, some
enhancement, but I want equities
upside." And we've talked about this so
many times and it's true, you know, cuz
the assets keep growing. All these yield
enhancement vehicles, all these income
vehicles, they're selling equity
optionality. So you're long underlying
equities. You cap that upside to a
certain extent, but you're generating
yield by selling options. That's the new
fixed income. And those flows matter
because those flows that when the kind
of the coast is clear, they just come in
and it's just Vega supply and it just
smashers vol back down. Thank you so
much for for coming on at short notice.
It's 7:00 in the morning. 7:00 in the
morning. Thank you very much.
>> Midday. Yeah. Midday. Yeah, your day's
over, right?
Lots more [music] is produced by
Dashiell Bennett, Carman Rodriguez, and
Kyle Brooks. Please rate, review, and
subscribe to Odd Lots and Lots More on
your favorite podcast platforms.
>> And for even more beyond Lots More, go
to bloomberg.com/odd
lots and chat with fellow listeners in
our discord discord.gg/odd
lots. And [music] don't forget that
Bloomberg subscribers can listen to all
of our podcasts absolutely ad [music]
free. All you have to do is find the
Bloomberg channel on Apple podcasts and
follow the instructions there. [music]
Thanks for listening.